The biggest cities of the United Kingdom are also great industrial and cultural centres. The biggest city of the country is London. The population of Greater London is now over 8 million people. Lots of men and women crowd the city at day-time. They are engaged in the vast international business of London which has made it like no other place in the world. Many of the present-day commercial, financial, and civic institutions of the city have their roots in the 16th century, and some go even deeper. London is also a cultural centre of the England. The British Museum, located here is the largest in the world. In the evening you may choose between more than 50 theatres of the city. Among most famous city attractions are also Buckingham Palace, the Houses of Parliament, St. Paul’s Cathedral, Westminster Abbey, the Tower of London and many others.

Other big and famous cities of the United Kingdom are Birmingham, Glasgow, Liverpool, Manchester, Edinburgh, Belfast and others. They are famous for its companies, unique character and history. Birmingham is long famous as an international business centre. It has developed into a modern and exciting city, which buildings and shops are second to none. Birmingham is at heart of Britain’s motorway system. Massive post-war development brought exciting new buildings, but the best of the old ones have been preserved. The city’s museum and art gallery has some of the finest examples of European painting. Birmingnam’s ultra-modern library is one of the largest and best stocked in Europe and includes the Shakespeare Memorial Library with 40,000 books in 90 languages. The city possesses several interesting churches and two cathedrals.

Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland, is also a great city of more than half a million inhabitants. The city is built of stone, not brick. The houses look hard and solid. Some people would call them grim, especially on a wet day, but when the sun shines beautifully in the city the city looks fine. Its many bookshops, taverns, and clubs some of world-famous people visited at different times. Among them were Dr. Johnson and Robert Burns. One of the famous avenues in the world is the Prince’s Street in Edinburgh. It is the finest street and a shopping area of the city.

Glasgow is the third largest city of Great Britain. You may feel its industrial energy everywhere in the city. The city extends along both banks of the river Clyde. With each phase of its development it has stretched, until its outskirts now lie several miles from the city centre. It is, by far, the largest and most populous city in the whole of Scotland. Glasgow is known the world over for its ship-building. Glasgow-built locomotives run in every part of the world. Today Glasgow is of such a size that it extends far over both banks of the river Clyde and bridges are as essential for the conduct of activities as are the people themselves. Within a distance of a mile there are 7 bridges. They carry road and rail traffic in and out of the city. No other city of Scotland has or needs as many river crossings as Glasgow.

Cardiff, the capital of Wales, lies near the mouth of the river Taff. In the days of our great-grandparents Cardiff was a tiny village. Today there are about a quarter of a million people living there. Cardiff is now the largest town in Wales and is noted for its coal. There is also a delightful park in the city which everyone tries to see. This is Cathay’s Park. Few towns in the world have such fine public buildings as Cardiff. The Law Courts, City Hall and University buildings in Cathay’s Park are worthy of any city in the world. The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland have many other cities and towns, that attract thousands of people from all over the world either on business or private visit.
Meet my family. There are five of us – my parents, my elder brother, my baby sister and me. First, meet my mum and dad, Jane and Michael. My mum enjoys reading and my dad enjoys playing chess with my brother Ken. My mum is slim and rather tall. She has long red hair and big brown eyes. She has a very pleasant smile and a soft voice. My mother is very kind and understanding. We are real friends. She is a housewife. As she has three children, she is always busy around the house. She takes care of my baby sister Meg, who is only three months old. My sister is very small and funny. She sleeps, eats and sometimes cries. We all help our mother and let her have a rest in the evening. Then she usually reads a book or just watches TV. My father is a doctor. He is tall and handsome. He has short dark hair and gray eyes. He is a very hardworking man. He is rather strict with us, but always fair. My elder brother Ken is thirteen, and he is very clever. He is good at Maths and always helps me with it, because I can hardly understand all these sums and problems. Ken has red hair and brown eyes. My name is Jessica. I am eleven. I have long dark hair and brown eyes. I am not as clever as my brother, though I try to do my best at school too. I am fond of dancing. Our dancing studio won The Best Dancing Studio 2015 competition last month. I am very proud of it. I also like to help my mother with my little sister very much. Our family is very united. We love each other and always try to spend more time together.
Advertisements want to persuade us to buy particular products How do they do it?

Let’s imagine …You’re watching TV. It’s a hot evening: You feel thirsty. You see an advert for a refreshing drink. You see people looking cool and relaxed. You notice the name of the refreshing drink because you think it could be useful for you to satisfy your thirst.

Advertisers study how people learn so that they can ‘teach’ them to respond to their advertising. They want us to be interested, to try something, and then to do it again. These are the elements of learning: interest, experience and repetition. If an advert can achieve this, it is successful. If an advert works well, the same technique can be used to advertise different things. So, for example, in winter if the weather is cold and you see a family having a warming cup of tea and feeling cosy, you may be interested and note the name of the tea … Here the same technique is being used as with the cool, refreshing drink.

If advertisements are to he learned, there is a need for lots of repetition. But advertisers have to be careful because too much repetition can result in consumer tiredness and the message may fall on’deal ears’.
America’s music culture has been growing and spreading its popularity for many years. The best known American singers are those who sing to the rock beat. Rock revolutionized music in America in the early 1950s and nowadays, shows no sign of slowing down. There isn’t a corner of the globe that hasn’t felt the drive of American rock.

Two other genres of American music have had a strong hold for the past decade. They are rap and hip hop. Born of inner-city poverty, rap replaces sung melodies, with rhythmically punchy recitation set to an African-American roots. However, they were quickly embraced by white performers. Today rappers appear in TV commercials, movies and various shows.

A look around the pop scene will turn up the presence of "techno" music in nightclubs and new "garage bands". The Vines and The Strokes are among today’s examples of "garage bands" in the USA. Mainstream pop provides its typical lion’s share of entertainment. Along with female vocalists (Sheryl Crowe, Lucinda Williams, Jennifer Paige, etc.), "boy bands" (Backstreet Boys, Boys II Men and others) have performed their music since the 1990s.

Due to a great number of radio stations, which play "the greatest hits of the ’80s, ’90s and today", older styles of pop continue to be a strong part of America’s music culture. Sounds from even earlier in rock history do not fade away. For instance, the group Sugar Ray combines so many elements from earlier rock styles, so that their music is at once nostalgic and refreshing. Norah Jones, a female singer who captured eight Grammy Awards in 2003, provides a direct link between the softer rock beat and communicative lyrics.

American classical artists have long been known for their remarkable virtuosity. Every year the level of their music art is getting higher. Never before have so many unusually gifted American conductors organized lots of the country’s most prominent orchestras. Among the gifted are the following American conductors Michael Tilson Thomas (the San Francisco Symphony); Leonard Slatkin (the National Symphony Orchestra in Washington D.C.); Robert Spano (the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra); Lorin Maazel (the New York Philharmonic); James Levine (the Boston Symphony Orchestra), etc. Other exclusively talented American conductors like: Marin Alsop, David Robertson, James Conlon, and Kent Nagano reinforce and enrich Americas music culture in the twenty-first century.

As a wrap up America’s music culture does everything possible to unite in it not only people of different music genres, but of different generations, as well.
The current severe economic downturn in America affects people on every level. Rising fuel costs have impacted everything from the price of groceries to the cost of getting to work everyday. Due to this economy issue, there are the changes in the way people spend their leisure time. There are media reports that tell about the trend away from vacations and toward "staycations", where people stay at home instead of travelling. At the same time, there’s a significant trend toward finding recreational activities. They are called crafts for kids, quilting, and gardening.

Parents and grandparents are always on the lookout for kids’ craft projects that will engage children and keep those little hands busy. Thankfully there are many inexpensive books that are filled with ideas. For example, you can find books that outline crafts using play dough, how to make flower figures, and even Christmas crafts. In fact, you can even find books that provide ideas for making Christmas gifts that fit in a jar. From crafts for preschool-age children to pastimes tor older kids these idea books provide a wealth of options for engaging children’s imaginations.

As for adults, two trends are emerging. Knitting and sewing were popular during the past decade. The latest pastime appreciated by American adults is quilting. Hobbyists are bringing it back tî lite and enjoying the detail and craft involved in making a quilt. There is a wealth of helpful new books on quilting projects, including how-to books, quilting patterns, and quilting designs.

The other emerging trend for adults is gardening. People spend so much time at home. They find gardening a great way of relaxation and getting a sense of satisfaction.

The recent interest in crafts in America is not only a matter of economics. It’s also a reflection of people’s new environmental sensibilities. The concepts of "reduce, reuse, and recycle" are the cornerstone of crafting. Pieces of fabric can be put together to make gorgeous quilting designs, and some types of waste can be composted and used as fertilizer in gardening. In this respect, Americans will say: "Save money and save the planet. It’s a winning combination!"

Consumers learn to generalize from what they have learned. So advertisers sometimes copy a highly successful idea that has been well learned by consumers. For example, the highly successful ‘Weston Tea Country’ advertising for different tea has led to ‘DAEWOO Country’ for automobile dealers and ‘Cadbury Country’ for chocolate bars.